it's the 90s kidz show welcome to the
90s five reasons why I loved the 90s
reason number four cartoons anime and
the CGI all of it was on point basically
the kids shows and kids films even some
of them at least but particularly the
animated there were some great great
cartoons from that era from the 90s
granted a perhaps weren't as unique as
the eighties cartoons a lot of denies
cartoonists still held their own I mean
oh I could go down a list like eat the
cat I was great with a terrible
thunderlizards angry beavers fairly
underrated the awesome cartoon
spider-man two animated series yes
Spidey I was great x-man of course the
animated series badass baddest Batman
animated series the beginning of that
90s animated hero stuff it was like
great opening great intro excellent
writing arguably the most faithful
depiction of the comics compared to the
films that came out at the time v you
know older sixties television show all
of that
I mean prior to you know The Dark Knight
in all things the Batman Begins and all
in that particular trilogy but animate
Siri is still very very nostalgic still
good to watch reboot was great oh my god
reboot was amazing it was basically a
CGI show and it has its roots in Canada
because I believe it was produced in
Canada or company that made it was based
out of Canada great cast of characters
it was basically about these
these people that live in a
computer-based world you know they had
names like dot matrix and they would
battle the Nets you know that was the
big thing
whenever somebody put in a game in the
computer it's kind of hard but it's sort
of like a matrix s matrix ish type of
thing where they're all inside the
computer and they're basically pixels
and they're not pixels but sprites
they're just writes living in the
computer beast Ward's was great
another fun CGI which basically
transformers of the 90s it was from the
transformer series but this time they're
animals
Dinobot was like a velociraptor and this
rhinox which was a rhinoceros guy and
she tore who has a cheetah fun stuff fun
very very proper for like a nine year
old teen girl kid Beast Wars was awesome
South Park of course started in the 90s
South Park was great my god family guys
start in 90s even some anime stuff is
great you know the Sailor Moon ghost in
the shell which was like one of the most
influential animes of all time Pokemon
of course the animated series that
really catapulted that damn franchise
still is nostalgic I know I'm you know
rag on Pokemon now but in the 90s
Pokemon was the it really was huge
it was popping Pokemon was so big it
made a cover of Time magazine at one
point so big that thing was Yaya
of course Yaiba was great it was
basically like a Dragonball ripoff but
it was still fun and then you had the
live-action stuff the live-action TV
shows for kids stuff like the dinosaurs
which was like a sitcom about dinosaurs
bananas in pyjamas
fun show Power Rangers was great
Power Rangers was fun at least a firstly
you know first season or whatever when
Jason was the leader it was great for a
kid you know like 93 94 around that time
it was a fun show it was really
mindlessly fun action great reruns too
and like basically carryovers from the
80s like in the 90s we still got some of
the 80 shows and shows that started in
the 80s and the reruns and the repeats
so as a kid I got a chance to watch into
90s The Simpsons of course which reached
its peak in the 90s as far as quality
writing you know it didn't really start
poppin off until the 90s The Simpsons
that's when it really got good
Dragonball of course the original series
that's when I was introduced to the
world of Dragon Ball like when Goku was
a kid and he was having these adventures
with full mine all along and all these
guys The Adventures of Peter Pan which
was another anime it was an anime based
on - Peter Pan franchise really fun kind
of an underrated series - I remember
seeing that as a kid in the early 90s
Voltron is another one another eighty
show that carried in the 90s I saw a bit
of the reruns as well fun stuff Dragon
Ball Z
excellent another one it started in you
know into 80s and scary it all the way
throughout the 90s there's a really
action-packed
another mindless anime just fun to watch
kamen rider black which was a late 80s
action live-action show which is like a
Super Sentai thing you know a guy in a
costume and he fights bad guy it's kind
of like Power Rangers except it's just
one guy Kamen Rider Black was good and
then Disney the Disney stuff was great
too the Disney animated stuff the films
in particular like Lion King was
arguably if the best Disney movie of all
time
saw that into mid 90s Tarzan Moulin
Beauty and the Beast Aladdin the goofy
movie Toy Story Toy Story 2 Disney was
popping in the 90s they really had some
great animated films whether cg they
really still he started the CG in the
mid-90s but they also had a great 2d
animation as well and it was a Golden
Age of Disney films up around around the
late nineties then they sort of started
to fall off a little bit but they were
like the 90s was a hotbed of great
Disney of franchises and it was fun to
be a you know a kid back then growing up
on all these TV shows and speaking of TV
shows but this definitely deserved a
category on its own number 5 thanks for
watching tune in next time for reason
number 5 why I loved the 90s